Forbid hashed tables in AFF (#386)
SAP/abap-file-formats: docs/json.md

The ABAP types are self-contained, so it is possible to work on them in any system (e.g., in an SAP BTP, ABAP environment system).

> Instead of hashed tables, please use sorted tables with a defined key.

Reviewer: I am wondering whether we should add the information to the sub chapter "Type Mapping" below?

There we could also enhance the table. What do you think?

Author: I enhanced the table. See my newest commit. Please rereview

p | number | `"minimum": <minimum value>, "maximum": <maximum value>, "multipleOf": <e.g., 0.01 for 2 decimals>`
abap_bool | boolean |
sy-langu | string | `"minLength": 2, "maxLength": 2, "pattern": "^[a-z]+$"`

> table | array | if the table has unique keys `"uniqueItems": true` is added to the schema; hashed tables are not supported

Author: ```suggestion
table | array | if the table has unique keys, `"uniqueItems": true` is added to the schema; hashed tables are not supported
```

p | number | `"minimum": <minimum value>, "maximum": <maximum value>, "multipleOf": <e.g., 0.01 for 2 decimals>`
abap_bool | boolean |
sy-langu | string | `"minLength": 2, "maxLength": 2, "pattern": "^[a-z]+$"`

> table | array | if the table has unique keys `"uniqueItems": true` is added to the schema; hashed tables are not allowed in AFF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table | array | if the table has unique keys `"uniqueItems": true` is added to the schema; hashed tables are not supported
```
